Implement hash typeclass and its interfaces (#1138)
arrow-kt/arrow: modules/docs/arrow-docs/docs/docs/typeclasses/hash/README.md

```kotlin:ank
import arrow.instances.*

// Enable the extension functions inside Hash using run
String.hash().run {
  "1".hash()
}
```

### Main Combinators

#### F.hash

Computes a hash of an instance of `F`.

`fun F.hash(): Int`

```kotlin:ank
String.hash().run { "MyString".hash() }
```

### Laws

Arrow provides [`HashLaws`][hash_laws_source]{:target="_blank"} in the form of test cases for internal verification of lawful instances and third party apps creating their own `Hash` instances.

#### Creating your own `Hash` instances

Hash contains a special instance that delegates to Kotlin's `Any?.hashCode()` function in all cases. This may be sufficient for most use cases, but will fail for data types that contain functions, typeclasses or non-data classes.
It also might make more sense to provide your own instance in for some cases, for example when there is already a unique property on an object.
Hash has a constructor to create a `Hash` instance from any function `(F) -> Int`.

```kotlin:ank
import arrow.typeclasses.Hash
data class User(val id: String, val name: String)
val user = User("MyId", "MyName")

// This is fine

> Hash.any().run { user.hash() }

Reviewer: Split this snippet into 2 ank snippets at this line, so there's an output from this line too.

// This might be better because id usually is a unique value in itself
val userHash = Hash<User> { u -> u.id.hashCode() }
userHash.run { user.hash() }
```

```kotlin:ank
import arrow.core.*

> import arrow.typeclasses.Hash

Reviewer: Imports are per file, not per snippet, so this one is unnecessary.

// This will fail because it's not evaluated for hashing
Hash.any().run { Eval.later { 1 }.hash() == Eval.later { 1 }.hash() }
```

```kotlin:ank

> import arrow.typeclasses.Hash

Reviewer: Same duped import here.

// using invoke constructor
val stringHash = Hash<String> { a -> a.hashCode() }
```

See [Deriving and creating custom typeclass]({{ '/docs/patterns/glossary' | relative_url }}) to provide your own `Hash` instances for custom datatypes.

### Data types

```kotlin:ank:replace
import arrow.reflect.*

> import arrow.typeclasses.Hash

Reviewer: This one may not be necessary either.

`fun F.hash(): Int`

```kotlin:ank
String.hash().run { "MyString".hash() }
```

### Laws

Arrow provides [`HashLaws`][hash_laws_source]{:target="_blank"} in the form of test cases for internal verification of lawful instances and third party apps creating their own `Hash` instances.

#### Creating your own `Hash` instances

Hash contains a special instance that delegates to Kotlin's `Any?.hashCode()` function in all cases. This may be sufficient for most use cases, but will fail for data types that contain functions, typeclasses or non-data classes.
It also might make more sense to provide your own instance in for some cases, for example when there is already a unique property on an object.
Hash has a constructor to create a `Hash` instance from any function `(F) -> Int`.

```kotlin:ank
import arrow.typeclasses.Hash
data class User(val id: String, val name: String)
val user = User("MyId", "MyName")

// This is fine
Hash.any().run { user.hash() }
```

```kotlin:ank
// This might be better because id usually is a unique value in itself
val userHash = Hash<User> { u -> u.id.hashCode() }
userHash.run { user.hash() }
```

```kotlin:ank
import arrow.core.*

> // This will fail because it's not evaluated for hashing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// This will return `false` because it's not evaluated for hashing
```
Because if this really fails blowing up the stack we have something wrong in our code.

// This is fine
Hash.any().run { user.hash() }
```

```kotlin:ank

> data class User(val id: String, val name: String)

Reviewer: Same as with the imports, there's no need to redefine the class either!

Reviewer 2: The ones that are playable which if possible should be most of the ones used to document API require all the context in which they run in them

Author: Ok I'll change that then. But that only goes for context as in classes and variables, not imports right?

Reviewer 2: See the `arrow-query-language` docs for examples. You have to include everything in the snippet that it needs to run. All imports, a main method and a couple of comments that delimit the code you are not collapsing in the snippet when presented on the site.

Author: Done (I hope) :)
